In the USA, an emergency stop cord is not used. Any visible cord running within the body of a railway car would have been what was known as the "communicating cord." This was a method of signalling the engine operator (known in the US as the "driver," or "engineman"). Unlike other countries, it was never intended for use by passengers. It had its own code of signals, similar to engine whistle signals. Drivers receiving an unusual, or unidentifiable, communicating signal might stop the train, perhaps as a "normal stop" or an "emergency application," at his discretion. A long, continuous signal would usually prompt a driver to make an emergency stop. Emergency brake valves were (and still are) always located on the bulkheads (end walls), inside the body of the car next to its end doors. The emergency brake valve is covered by a metal or clear plastic shield labelled "emergency only." Sometimes there was also a communicating signal handle on the inside bulkhead, labelled "signal." Mistakenly identifying the communication cord as the emergency brake can lead to confusion about how emergency braking works on US trains. Once an emergency brake valve is opened, all of the air in the braking system, except those of the locomotive(s), which are equipped with brakes controlled separately from those of the cars, is evacuated ("dumped" in US jargon), immediately placing the train cars' brakes into emergency, just as if there had been an uncoupling of cars (a "separation"). No action is required (or even possible) on the part of the engineer. The train will stop, no matter what he does. There is no override. Once the train has stopped, the braking system will not recharge (pressurize) until the emergency valve has been closed. This means a member of the train crew must locate the open valve, and ascertain that there is no problem which would make it unsafe to release the brakes and proceed. Identification of the valve is possible by the sound of air escaping from it. In many cars (and practically all cars built post-WWII), the communicating cord was only located in the vestibule, unless the car was of such a type that it did not have a vestibule, such as a dining or lounge car. In newer Amtrak equipment, the air-operated communicating system was electrified, and operated by pressing a button located in the vestibule. The old communicating systems have been gradually supplanted by radios, although they were still required on US passenger equipment until relatively recently. The emergency brake valve continues to be located on the inside bulkhead, or in a consistent (standard) location specified by safety regulations.