As velocity increased and rifling was introduced a problem of lead remaining in the bore was of concern. One of the earlier attempts, which is still popular today with muzzle loaders and users of black powder rifles, prevents leading and obtains potentially better velocity and performance with cast projectiles involves application of a paper jacket. Patching is the hand process of applying paper jackets. The projectile is cast to a diameter that is usually that of the bore and needs to be brought up to groove diameter by a uniform number of paper wrappings. Some prefer a relatively strong paper precisely cut to wrap exactly twice around the bullet with no overlap where the ends meet. Others substitute a range of papers from wax doped rice paper used for rolling cigarettes through greased cooking paper, waxed confectionery paper bags and even silicone impregnated baking paper. The width of the piece of paper is slightly longer than the bearing surface of the projectile; so some paper extends past the base and is folded or twisted under. Some projectile have a base cavity into which the twisted end fits. The paper patch is moistened slightly with water to make it more pliable and slightly sticky. The patch is carefully wrapped around the bearing surface of the bullet. The lip of paper extending past the base of the bullet is then twisted together, and may be pushed into a depression cast into the base of the bullet. The lubricant may be allowed to evaporate after the jacket has been applied; and a different lubricant may be applied after the formed paper has dried. Very good accuracy has been obtained with paper-patched bullets, but the assembly procedure is relatively labor-intensive. There is some question about whether the accuracy improvements result from the paper jackets or from the greater uniformity of shooting procedures by people with the patience to apply the patches. A small number of dedicated target shooters still load paper-patched bullets at velocities up to about 2000 feet (600 meters) per second.