The left thumb alone operates nine keys. B♭1, B1, C1, D1, D4, C4 (also B4), two keys when combined create A4, and the whisper pad. Additional notes can be created with these keys. The D1 and bottom key above whisper key on the tenor joint creates both C#2 and C#3. The same bottom tenor-joint key is also used, with additional fingering setup on the instrument, to create E4 and F4. D4 and C4 together create C#4. When the two keys on the tenor joint to create A4 are used with slightly altered fingering on the boot join, B♭4 is created. The whisper pad is used throughout the instrument's register, as well as in fingerings to create a muted or more piercing sound. The right thumb operates four keys. The top lever, which is very thin, is used in creating B♭2 and 3, and is used in B4, C4, D4, F4, and E♭4. The large, circular key (otherwise known as the "pancake key"), is used in mostly the bass register. From B♭1 to E1, it is held constantly. It is also used, like the whisper pad, in additional fingerings for muting the sound. For example, in Ravel's "Boléro", the bassoon is asked to play the ostinto on G4. This is easy to perform with the normal fingering for G4, but with the E1 key (pancake key). The next key assigned to the right thumb is known as the "spatula key". Its primary use is F#1 and F#2. The bottom key is used the least often than the other ones. With the combination of the back-most key of the smallest finger of the right hand, makes G#1 and G#2. This is most advantageous in pieces like Dukas's "The Sorcerer's Apprentice". The four fingers on left hand all have at least two assignments each. The index fingers has three assignments. The top-most key on the back side of the tenor join is primarily used for E4. Rarely is it used as a trill key. Its main assignment has three different options. It is a key with a small hole drilled into it. The player can lift the finger completely off the key. The player can also slide the finger down, so the key is closed, but the hole is open. The player can also close the hole with the key pressed down. The middle finger typically stays on the centre hole on the tenor joint. It can also move to a lever used for E♭4 and a rarely-used trill key. The ring finger operates, on most models, one key. Some models, like a Polisi Artist bassoon has two assignments. The upper assignment is used for alternate fingerings in the alto register. The smallest finger operates two side keys on the bass joint. The lower key is typically used for C#1. The upper key is used for E♭1, E3, F3, F#3, A4, B♭4, B4, C4, C#4, and D4. The four fingers of the right hand have at least one assignment each. The index finger stays over one hole, except when E♭4 is played. A side key at the top of the boot is used. The middle finger remains stationary over a whole with a ring around. The ring, with other pads, are lifted when the smallest finger on the right hands pushes a lever. The ring finger typically remains stationary on the lower ring-finger-key. However, the upper-ring-finger key can be used in place of the top thumb key on the front of the boot joint. The smallest finger operates three keys. The back-most one, closest to the bassoonist, is held down throughout most of the bass register. The key is not used after F1 is played. F#2 is created with this key, as well as G4, B♭4, B4, and C4. The lowest key for the smallest finger on the right hand is primarily used for G#1 and 2, but can be used E♭4, and F4.The front-most key is used with the bottom thumb key on the boot joint to create G#1 and 2.