Punk returned at Payback on June 16, defeating Chris Jericho. The next night on Raw, Punk turned face confronting World Heavyweight Champion Alberto Del Rio and telling Heyman to stay away from him during his matches. Later in the night, after Punk's win over Del Rio, Brock Lesnar returned and executed an F-5 on Punk. The next week on Raw, Heyman promised Punk that he did not send Lesnar to attack him, and that he still considered Punk his best friend, stating that any problem Punk and Lesnar had with each other was between them. Following that, Punk defeated Darren Young; when Young and his tag team partner Titus O'Neil began attacking him, Heyman summoned his other client, the WWE Intercontinental Champion, Curtis Axel to help Punk fight them off, much to Punk's dismay. On the July 1 Raw, Punk said that he trusted Heyman but did not trust Axel. On July 14 at Money in the Bank, Punk competed in the WWE Championship Money in the Bank ladder match, but Heyman turned on him by hitting him with a ladder, costing him the match that was ultimately won by Randy Orton. The following night on Raw, Punk called out Heyman, who said that, without him, Punk was no longer the "Best in the World". He revealed that he did not believe that Punk could beat Lesnar, who then came out and hit the F-5 on Punk onto the announce table. The following week on Raw, Punk challenged Lesnar to a match at SummerSlam, which Heyman accepted on Lesnar's behalf. On the August 5 Raw, Punk wrestled Axel to a no-contest, after Heyman attacked him. Lesnar then came out and brawled with Punk, eventually getting the upper hand. Punk got revenge the next week by attacking Lesnar with a camera and a steel chair, after Heyman tried to change the scheduled match between Punk and himself to a handicap match involving Lesnar. He then delivered a Go to Sleep to Axel, who had interfered while Punk was chasing Heyman. On August 18, at SummerSlam, Punk lost to Lesnar in a No Disqualification match, after interference by Heyman.