Gongs vary in diameter from about 20 to 60 inches, and they are made of bronze containing a maximum of 22 parts of tin to 78 of copper; but in many cases the proportion of tin is considerably less. Such an alloy, when cast and allowed to cool slowly, is excessively brittle, but it can be tempered and annealed in a peculiar manner. If suddenly cooled from a cherry-red heat, the alloy becomes so soft that it can be hammered and worked on the lathe, and afterwards it may be hardened by re-heating and aving all the qualities and timbre of the Chinese instruments. The composition of the alloy of bronze used for making gongs is stated to be as follows: Copper, 76.52; Tin, 22.43; Lead, 0.26; Zinc, 0.23; Iron, 0.81. Interesting finding about Turkish Cymbals and Gamelan Gongs is that they share the same metallurgical roots and this is beta phase bronze.If you look in to tin and copper mix phase transition graphs, %21 to %24 tin content and 780 degrees Celsius indicates to a very narrow updown triangle graph in the big graph which is symbolized with B with tail. This is the secret of all bronze instrument making generations of the past. If you mix that bronze and heat it, it turns to very lively orangish red and it indicates you are in beta phase borders and you have to drop the metal in cold water to lock the phase in cymbal making. Author does not know whether in gong making, there was cold bath or not but everyone interested in should investigate that detail. In Turkish Cymbal making, addition to above analysis there is sulfur and silicon in the alloy also. Iron is very important and makes the grains smaller. The gong is beaten with a round, hard, leather-covered pad, fitted on a short stick or handle. It emits a peculiarly sonorous sound, its complex vibrations bursting into a wave-like succession of tones, sometimes shrill, sometimes deep. In China and Japan it is used in religious ceremonies, state processions, marriages and other festivals; and it is said that the Chinese can modify its tone variously by particular ways of striking the disk.